>> Erik Reinert: So one of the things I
do want you guys to do really quickly is
just make sure that your
previous branches were merged so
that we can create a new
branch off of the main and
at least make sure that you've got
a branch for this stage to work in.
So yeah, just please make sure to do that
while I'm going through all this stuff.
So once we've got our new branch,
we want to go ahead and
basically get started
setting up Terraform.
So actually this first step,
I will say go ahead and
follow me because it's
just the AWS console.
But what we're gonna do is,
we're gonna step up no is we're actually
going to set up our state first.
Does anyone know what I mean by State when
I say what does it mean to set up our
state first?
Terraform has to know or
needs to have a place to
store how things are built and
allocated and behavior.
Yeah, so basically,
when you run Terraform,
it keeps data that is
referential to your resources.
So it knows like, I created this instance,
I know that this is the ID of it.
Right, like all these other things,
so that it keeps track of
everything that's been created
that's called Terraform State.
Terraform State is something that you
want to hold on to very closely and
take very good care of.
Because if that state disappears,
gets deleted or anything like that,
then you have to delete or
manage all of your resources manually.
And then on top of that, if it does get
removed, or if any of the state gets
removed, then you also need to re
import all of those resources.
So overall, State's a very sensitive piece
of data that you need to take care of and
make sure that it has backups and
all that kind of stuff.
What's nice about this though is that
Terraform does provide you the option of
storing State in multiple locations.
You can store it in the cloud,
you can store it on another server,
you could really put it wherever you want.
Because we're using Amazon,
we want to store it on Amazon.
What we want to do is we want
to actually store it on S3.
S3 is completely redundant.
S3 has version support.
S3 makes a really good option here
because again, we have high availability,
redundancy, all of that good stuff.
And even versioning, if we wanted to,
to be able to have multiple versions
of that state, what we're going to
do is we're going to go to S3 and
then you'll see I have a whole bunch
of buckets that already exist here.
But what I want to do is I
want to create a new bucket.
So I'm gonna click Create Bucket.
Now here's the fun part.
I don't think we'll be able to create
all the same bucket names because I
think we'll.
Isn't that how S3 works?
Yeah.
So I think if I create a bucket name and
then you try creating the same
bucket name, it won't work.
So what I'm going to do is I'm
going to do FEM FD service and
then I'll just put like,
I don't know, the account ID maybe.
Yeah, I mean, no, you could put
the account ID if you wanted,
I'll just put like, I don't know,
black glasses, I guess, whatever.
You can put your own name there.
But yeah, just some kind of unique
identifier so that you know that it,
you know, you won't conflict.
Does anyone know what I'm talking about,
by the way?
Can somebody tell me
what am I talking about?
Well, I think it needs
to be globally unique.
Exactly.
Yeah, Exactly.
So Amazon S3 buckets are global.
They're provisioned across
the entire world, basically.
And so because of that,
you're at the mercy of the uniqueness
of the name of a bucket.
So somebody else could have
a bucket name that you may want and
you cannot use it because
now they're using it.
It's actually one of.
It's kind of interesting, but
it's also kind of annoying as well.
So, yeah, I'm just going to do.
Actually, I'll just do Alta 4
because that makes more sense.
So I'm gonna o FVM FDService Alta 4 and
then that's it.
That's all I need.
I'm just going to click
Create Bucket after that.
Cool.
Okay, so I have a new bucket called
Fem FD Service Alt F4, but
I have absolutely nothing in it yet.
So let's go ahead and put something in it.
Okay, so the next thing we're going to
do is we're actually going to go back
to the console and I'm going to make
sure that I am logged into Amazon.
Okay.
And then I'm gonna do an AWS S3.
Oops, nope.
AWS S3LS just to make sure.
Cool.
Yep, looks good.
I can even see my bucket right there.
Cool.
Awesome.
And then the next thing I'm going to do
is I'm going to actually add a couple
of things to my git.
Ignore, right?
Because we're going to be using Terraform
Terraform generates a lot of files.
We don't want every file to get committed.
So the first thing we're going to do
is we're going to do star.tf plan.
So we want to make sure that
none of our plans get committed.
We're also going to do Terraform just
to make sure that any directory or
anything name Terraform doesn't stay.
And then we're going to do
one more called overrides.
Txt, which is a unique file that we
will be creating a little later.
So we're gonna add those three
things to our git ignore.
And then what we're going to do is
we're going to make a directory called
Terraform.